#programing terms

arrange the comment in code file(may at the end of each version)
learn about  std:: prefix and decide use it or not

##date:11/22

The Cast object will be added to represent resources (time, ball, energy)
Complete the functions to output DPS (damage per second) curves and analyze and optimize output efficiency.
Under the constraint of the kill line, pick an optimization algorithm (such as traversal+sorting) is used to optimize the process of a single character based on the priority of resources.
Simulate the damage output from multiple character cooperation or  "taking turns attacking"(followed by the addition of cast optimization process).
Establish the Enemy object to represent the remaining buffs on the monster and add the lifespan of the buff.
Complete functions to simulate damage time distribution, resource utilization, etc. in scenarios, which empllyed the strategy called taking turns attacking.

#Usage terms:

collect data about case Qiming may face to
input with excel
built an Android interface, webside, app or api for wechat ?
using same rows to store one kind of Buff, so each equipment's buffs could be stored in  respective column in one ".xlsx" file 

##12.2
Optimize the process by seeking the approximate solution of the linear equation: 
1.take the parameters of the skill combination as the column of matrix A, 
2.use the positive integer sequence vector x to represent the number of times that the combination is used in a process, 
3.then use the column vector b to represent the optimization goal, 
   which including resource constraints and the damage and time of the process.

#Building sequence:

The Cast object will be added to represent resources (time, ball, energy)
Complete the functions to output DPS (damage per second) curves and analyze and optimize output efficiency.
Under the constraint of the kill line, pick an optimization algorithm (such as traversal+sorting) is used to optimize the process of a single character based on the priority of resources.

##Next stage: Simulate the damage output from multiple character cooperation or  (followed by the addition of cast optimization process).

The final step in the existing plan: establish the Enemy object to represent the remaining buffs on the monster and add the lifespan of the buff.
Complete functions to simulate damage time distribution, resource utilization, etc. in scenarios, which empllyed the strategy called taking turns attacking.

#Completed works: